c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\obj\Debug\SitecoreUser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\SitecoreUser.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\SitecoreUser.pdb
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Kernel.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\ITHit.WebDAV.Server.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Logging.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Mvp.Xml.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\ComponentArt.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Zip.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.NVelocity.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Logging.Client.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\RadEditor.Net2.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Telerik.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Sitecore.Kernel.xml
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\bin\Debug\Telerik.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\obj\Debug\SitecoreUser.dll
c:\users\sbelzile\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SitecoreUser\SitecoreUser\obj\Debug\SitecoreUser.pdb
